Knex application name (#17443)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/eighty-olives-live.md

---
'@backstage/backend-common': minor
---

> Defaults the connection.application_name of the database connections created for each plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the `DatabaseManager` to include the plugin id in the Postgres application name of the database connections created for each plugin.
```

Suggestion to make this easier to understand for an outside reader.
